from wrangler import dw
import sys

if(len(sys.argv) < 3):
	sys.exit('Error: Please include an input and output file.  Example python script.py input.csv output.csv')

w = dw.DataWrangler()

# Split data repeatedly on newline  into  rows
w.add(dw.Split(column=["data"],
               table=0,
               status="active",
               drop=True,
               result="row",
               update=False,
               insert_position="right",
               row=None,
               on="\n",
               before=None,
               after=None,
               ignore_between=None,
               which=1,
               max=0,
               positions=None,
               quote_character=None))

# Split data repeatedly on 'tab'
w.add(dw.Split(column=["data"],
               table=0,
               status="active",
               drop=True,
               result="column",
               update=False,
               insert_position="right",
               row=None,
               on="\t",
               before=None,
               after=None,
               ignore_between=None,
               which=1,
               max=0,
               positions=None,
               quote_character="'"))

# Cut  on '''
w.add(dw.Cut(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False,
             result="column",
             update=True,
             insert_position="right",
             row=None,
             on="'",
             before=None,
             after=None,
             ignore_between=None,
             which=1,
             max=0,
             positions=None))

# Delete empty rows
w.add(dw.Filter(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                row=dw.Row(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False,
             conditions=[dw.Empty(column=[],
               table=0,
               status="active",
               drop=False,
               percent_valid=0,
               num_valid=0)])))

# Extract from split on '2015'
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on="2015",
                 before=None,
                 after=None,
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Extract from split before ' Courses'
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on=".*",
                 before=" Courses",
                 after=None,
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Extract from extract1 on 'Spring'
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["extract1"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on="Spring",
                 before=None,
                 after=None,
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Fill extract1  with values from above
w.add(dw.Fill(column=["extract1"],
              table=0,
              status="active",
              drop=False,
              direction="down",
              method="copy",
              row=None))

# Fill extract2  with values from above
w.add(dw.Fill(column=["extract2"],
              table=0,
              status="active",
              drop=False,
              direction="down",
              method="copy",
              row=None))

# Fill extract  with values from above
w.add(dw.Fill(column=["extract"],
              table=0,
              status="active",
              drop=False,
              direction="down",
              method="copy",
              row=None))

# Set  extract1  name to  Undergrad/Grad
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract1"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Undergrad/Grad"],
                 header_row=None))

# Set  extract2  name to  Semester
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract2"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Semester"],
                 header_row=None))

# Set  extract  name to  Year
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Year"],
                 header_row=None))

# Delete rows 2,1
w.add(dw.Filter(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                row=dw.Row(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False,
             conditions=[dw.RowIndex(column=[],
                  table=0,
                  status="active",
                  drop=False,
                  indices=[1,0])])))

# Delete row 110
w.add(dw.Filter(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                row=dw.Row(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False,
             conditions=[dw.RowIndex(column=[],
                  table=0,
                  status="active",
                  drop=False,
                  indices=[109])])))

# Extract from split after ' any number -'
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on=".*",
                 before=None,
                 after="\\d+-",
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Set  extract  name to  Lec/Lab
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Lec/Lab"],
                 header_row=None))

# Extract from split before '- any word '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on=".*",
                 before="-[a-zA-Z]+",
                 after=None,
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Set  extract  name to  
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=[""],
                 header_row=None))

# Set    name to  Section No
w.add(dw.SetName(column=[""],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Section No"],
                 header_row=None))

# Extract from split after '- '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on=".*",
                 before=None,
                 after="- ",
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Extract from split on ' any word   any number '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on="[a-zA-Z]+ \\d+",
                 before=None,
                 after=None,
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Fill extract3  with values from above
w.add(dw.Fill(column=["extract3"],
              table=0,
              status="active",
              drop=False,
              direction="down",
              method="copy",
              row=None))

# Fill extract  with values from above
w.add(dw.Fill(column=["extract"],
              table=0,
              status="active",
              drop=False,
              direction="down",
              method="copy",
              row=None))

# Delete  rows where Section_No is null
w.add(dw.Filter(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                row=dw.Row(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False,
             conditions=[dw.IsNull(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                lcol="Section_No",
                value=None,
                op_str="is null")])))

# Drop split
w.add(dw.Drop(column=["split"],
              table=0,
              status="active",
              drop=True))

# Delete row 108
w.add(dw.Filter(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                row=dw.Row(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False,
             conditions=[dw.RowIndex(column=[],
                  table=0,
                  status="active",
                  drop=False,
                  indices=[107])])))

# Set  extract3  name to  Course No
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract3"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Course No"],
                 header_row=None))

# Set  extract  name to  Course Name
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Course Name"],
                 header_row=None))

# Delete row 22
w.add(dw.Filter(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                row=dw.Row(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False,
             conditions=[dw.RowIndex(column=[],
                  table=0,
                  status="active",
                  drop=False,
                  indices=[21])])))

# Delete  rows where Section_No is not a int
w.add(dw.Filter(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                row=dw.Row(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False,
             conditions=[dw.IsType(column=[],
                table=0,
                status="active",
                drop=False,
                lcol="Section_No",
                type=dw.Int(column=[],
             table=0,
             status="active",
             drop=False))])))

# Extract from split1 after ' -  any number : any number '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split1"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on=".*",
                 before=None,
                 after=" - \\d+:\\d+",
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Extract from split1 between '- ' and ' any uppercase word '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split1"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on=".*",
                 before="[A-Z]+",
                 after="- ",
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Set  extract4  name to  End Time
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract4"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["End Time"],
                 header_row=None))

# Extract from split1 between ' any number : any number ' and ' -'
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split1"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on=".*",
                 before=" -",
                 after="\\d+:\\d+",
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Extract from split1 between ' ' and ' any word '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split1"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on=".*",
                 before="[a-zA-Z]+",
                 after=" ",
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Extract from split1 on ' any word '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=["split1"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on="[a-zA-Z]+",
                 before=None,
                 after=None,
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Set  extract7  name to  Days
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract7"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Days"],
                 header_row=None))

# Set  extract6  name to  Start Time
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract6"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Start Time"],
                 header_row=None))

# Drop split1
w.add(dw.Drop(column=["split1"],
              table=0,
              status="active",
              drop=True))

# Set  extract5  name to  
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract5"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=[""],
                 header_row=None))

# Set    name to  Start Am/Pm
w.add(dw.SetName(column=[""],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Start Am/Pm"],
                 header_row=None))

# Set  extract  name to  End Am/Pm
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["End Am/Pm"],
                 header_row=None))

# Set  split2  name to  
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["split2"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=[""],
                 header_row=None))

# Set  split3  name to  Name
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["split3"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Name"],
                 header_row=None))

# Extract from  on ' any number '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=[""],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on="\\d+",
                 before=None,
                 after=None,
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Set  extract  name to  Room No
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Room No"],
                 header_row=None))

# Extract from  on ' any uppercase word '
w.add(dw.Extract(column=[""],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=False,
                 result="column",
                 update=False,
                 insert_position="right",
                 row=None,
                 on="[A-Z]+",
                 before=None,
                 after=None,
                 ignore_between=None,
                 which=1,
                 max=1,
                 positions=None))

# Set  extract  name to  Building
w.add(dw.SetName(column=["extract"],
                 table=0,
                 status="active",
                 drop=True,
                 names=["Building"],
                 header_row=None))

# Drop 
w.add(dw.Drop(column=[""],
              table=0,
              status="active",
              drop=True))

w.apply_to_file(sys.argv[1]).print_csv(sys.argv[2])

